Update quickstart-create-application-gateway-for-containers-byo-deplo… (#120591)
Azure/azure-content: articles/application-gateway/for-containers/quickstart-create-application-gateway-for-containers-byo-deployment.md

echo $ALB_SUBNET_ID
```

> [!NOTE]

> > The NSG for the delegated subnet can only use the default rules for incoming traffic i.e. AllowVNetInBound, AllowAzureLoadBalancerInBound and DenyAllInbound. No other incoming NSG rule is supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The NSG for the delegated subnet can only use the default rules for incoming traffic. For example: AllowVNetInBound, AllowAzureLoadBalancerInBound, and DenyAllInbound. No other incoming NSG rule is supported.
```
